my thoughts often wondered through his
upper South Carolina Hills they shouted
the University their forms a common bond
for many thousands of people who have
studied here or taught here or work
there's something in these hills that
has touched every one of them something
that has rubbed off on them in varying
degrees something that's built within
the breasts all consuming remember
enduring spark of kin journey to the
bride there's something in these hills
it was here when a handful of fledgling
faculty members greeted a relatively
small band of 446 students more than
hundred years ago that was shortly after
conduct labor had completed an
administration building and clock
tailored to still dominate these Blue
Ridge foothills with the timelessness
and serenity been impart inspiration and
strength anew each time there were
people there's something in these hills
that has endeared itself to imperious
procession of administrators teachers
students secretaries of working
Punderson name passing my consciousness
names of people who gave selflessly in
themselves to build the institution
nestled here and who won in the same
time mine the priceless something the
hills contained and returned to them to
the Lord
there's something in these hills and
from them we have drawn the power to
transcend the stresses and strains the
tug away to make things come unglued in
these disquieting times the power to cut
through such modern concepts and such
modern facts a generation gaps
communication gaps and ideological pens
there's something in these hitters that
is bound together a man over 90 and a
girl on each one something that has
given them a common ground and was
disdained and start towards bridging and
eliminating and get or any stress or
strain that might try to make under glue
whatever they seek for themselves but
then they added these hills into the
mountains the planet's oceans the
borders the skies understands life there
is something in these hills that you
want I can't define and others can
understand a wave of warmth always
surges through me Outsiders say I don't
know what it is about your Clemson
people but your undying love what comes
is admired by everyone I know there's
something in these hills and I suspect
that's what it is
the ability of an institution through
the unending dedication and greatness of
his people his administration his
faculty his staff their students and
alumni to impart to all it such as a
respect and admiration and affection the
stands farm in disquieting times when
things around it giving presence of
coming unglued
there's something in these hills that
bring together and binds together and
hold together men and women of all
persuasions all Heights sizes weights
and cultural backgrounds something that
cuts across every difference spans every
gap penetrates everyone something that
makes a man or woman stand tall feel
better and say with a high pride to all
within earshot i-i-i winced a Clemson